# giftList
In this project, you will create a class for gifts. A gift has a name, an occasion for giving that gift, a quantity, and notes. That class needs a constructor to instantiate objects with those parameters. In the driver class, create an array of gifts of size 4. Using a loop, ask the user for information about gifts, instantiate a gift object with that information, and store it in the array. After all data has been entered, in another loop, display the gift list. Run the program and enter gift information of your choice. Take a screenshot of the execution.     Submission: the specified screenshots, and the root folder for the project     Pay careful attention to the rubric for this assignment. Remember the standards that apply to every project.  Note that you must use correct formatting in the code -- appropriate indentation is most important. You can use Shift-Alt-F to have NetBeans automatically format the code correctly. If the formatting is incorrect, it will be returned to you for changes with a grade of zero.  Note: You need to submit the whole project for these assignments. In File Explorer, go to the location where you created the project. There will be a folder with the name of your project -- that is the root folder of the project.  If you submit the root folder of the project, the instructor can run it on a different machine to grade it. If you don't submit the proper folder, it won't run on another machine, and the assignment will be marked with a zero.
